it's not the teams we're looking at here
but the broadcaster's Dutch
rightsholders
nos produced a minimum of 10 hours a day
from South Africa so obviously you'd
expect a big team at the IBC not a bit
of it just two people Richard to built
and Colonel Eve and vinden sending back
material to Holland so where was
everyone here in Melrose the Pleasant
Johannesburg suburb doing things the
Dutch way independently building their
own studio and editing facilities and
part of that involved turning this
glorified garden shed into their main
production area we do everything here we
we eat you will sleep here we work here
we work together we have fun because
there's also a room in space enough to
to have some entertainment after the
show I think the show being a daily
late-night talk program when they didn't
seem to have problems attracting the big
names of Dutch Revolt including the team
who were based in central Johannesburg
well what we try to do here is to have a
sort of African version of what we do
every Sunday night during the football
season in Holland we have a low-key
program they're not very highbrow of a
little bit of entertainment we were
looking for a location here in
Johannesburg where we could do that
where we sort of have the same
atmosphere as back home during the
programme I hadn't expected to get to
the final
so everyone was in great spirits
Spain had always been one of the
favorites so expectations were high but
it wasn't all good news for one of their
main broadcasters Quattro not Chateau
Lafite on Ocasio night agency launched
only in 2005 Quattro had quickly won
some of the main football rights from TV
a the state broadcaster and hit the
headlines two years ago with the highest
audience ratings in Spanish television
history when Spain won the UEFA European
Championship was not a scent of a mr.
sorry a longshot
it's a vibrant Channel but here
frustration they didn't have the rights
to Spain's games they belong to
Telecinco part of the same company it's
complicated in Spain believe me so when
Spain played in football terms Quattro
were on the bench they had a party at
the cave just supporters but it started
slowly but got better and better
it should not be now kick one throw is
the hole in kalyanipur
it's a pity that collateral which is a
young channel couldn't cover the final
but will follow the match anyway with
the same excitement if what we hope will
be a great match just like a World Cup
final should be well the final itself as
we know was a frustrating affair when
the Dutch seemed to play out of
character and Spain won it in extra time
both Dutch and Spanish broadcasters
broke national viewing records for the
final where overall an estimated 700
million watch the game worldwide as the
2010 FIFA World Cup draws to a close
there's one remaining important task for
John McKenna so it's quite opening its
movement its clapping lots of that then
the break where it's just and the guy
comes out and then come back in which
lapse the call cuts the call and then it
shot that up so we've come down a sureto
on a real true Soweto football pitch and
they're gonna sing this song which we're
going to use for our big tournament
finale the final promo demands something
extra special capturing the spirit color
and character the first ever African
FIFA World Cup the words that come to
mind is that nice Mandela put the nation
together walk-up 2010 but the nation
party together
the magic and mysticism of this African
continent has brought us new hope and
made us feel and scream all together
with one voice if I'm proud of something
just having gathered such a dream team
of people with so many different skills
so different and idea having them
working together offering this centrally
at the IBC I think we have made a huge
step forward also with probably with the
view to 2014 where distances are
probably more challenging and here in
South Africa the part the media play
will be much bigger in 2014 because the
World Cup is going to a country that is
passionate about football
more content more emotions a lot of new
developments such as 3d mobile etc but
frankly speaking it is the football on
the pitch that counts and makes it the
biggest televised event on the planet